# Game-Review-4

Title- Angry Birds

Summary- Angry Birds is a video game franchise created by Finnish company Rovio Entertainment. The series focuses on multi-colored birds who try to save their eggs from green-colored pigs, their enemies. Inspired by Crush the Castle,[2] the game has been praised for its successful combination of fun gameplay, comical style, and low price. Its popularity led to many spin-offs, versions of Angry Birds being created for PCs and video game consoles, a market for merchandise featuring its characters, a televised cartoon series, and a feature film. In January 2014 there had been over two billion downloads across all platforms, including both regular and special editions:[3][4] as of July 2015, the series' games have been downloaded more than three billion times collectively,[5] making it the most downloaded freemium game series of all time. The original Angry Birds has been called "one of the most mainstream games out right now",[6] "one of the great runaway hits of 2010",[7] and "the largest mobile app success the world has seen so far".[8] An animated feature film based on the series was released by Columbia Pictures on 20 May 2016, and the first main-series sequel, Angry Birds 2, was released on 30 July 2015. The first game in the series was initially released in December 2009 for iOS.[9] At the time, the swine flu epidemic was in the news, so the staff made the birds' enemies pigs.[10] The company released ports of the game for other touchscreen smartphone operating systems, including Android, Symbian, and Windows Phone, video game consoles and PCs.

Final Thoughts- Download Angry Birds while it's on sale right now for 99 cents. You won't regret it. Angry Birds is incredibly addicting, loaded with personality, and is a tremendous value. While it doesn't exactly stake out new territory, the gameplay formula is part of a trend on the App Store right now and it's still a great deal of fun.
